Description:
This Mod has a high degree of justice, use it with caution.
1. Add werewolf partner
2. Add a series of imprints
3. Add feature: no load
4. Add large-capacity boxes and 2 special effect boxes
5. Delete the placement conditions for wells, water cellars, and cellars
6. Add new maps: Entangling Swamp, Cave of the World, Cave of the Afterlife, Cave of Yongxia, Crimson Realm, etc.

Body:
1. Props: Chest of Zulvan:
Large capacity, large load reduction, rotten suspension
Requires 6 wood + 4 twigs to build
2. Characteristics: Power of Light and Darkness:
The start gives the following two boxes:
Hydrin's Box: Large Capacity, Regression of Rot
Chest of Zodiac: Large capacity, durable repair tools
3. Feature: Power of elements, give 6 marks
Mark of the Earth: can turn fine soil and dry soil into soil, open geodes and refine small stones
Abyss Water Mark: Replenish the capacity of the container with liquid
Mark of Fire: You can get kindling, the fire sources around you will increase fuel, and it can be used on kilns to recycle flames, so that kilns can be demolished.
Mark of the Gale: Your stamina and foot damage heal faster
Mark of Thunder: You can use thunder to fight monsters
Mark of the Frozen: Freshness Aura
4. Altar of Life: Unlock Herbology
You can sacrifice organic matter to get holy medicine
Holy Spirit Potion: Can heal bites and scrapes (you can now drag the medicine to the wound to heal it, it doesn't work on most of Apocalypse's wounds)
Holy spirit medicine can also be made with ginseng + matsutake + ganoderma (requires Yuling mod)
5. New features: the power of the dragon, unlimited load
6.dll modification:
Wells, water cellars, and cellars delete placement conditions
7. New feature Werewolf partner: use this and you can become a macaque 0w0
Start with a werewolf companion
You can go hunting to get supplies (now there will be no pile of meat)
You can play (well, why play plus spear fight, everyone can experience it for themselves)

8. New location: Entangled Swamp
Include:
Moonwell (clean water that can't be drunk)
Big mud pit (mud that can't be dug)
Berry Tree (Endless Berries)
connect:
mangrove forest
deserted beach
eastern highlands
Starting Trait: Entangling Swamp
From the Entangled Swamp

9. New locations: Cave of the World, Cave of the Afterlife
Each contains 1 lodestone ore
You can use an ax to mine, one for obsidian and one for lodestone
connect:
deserted beach, bat cave
Exploring the bat cave can get guano and saltpeter crystals

10. Volcanoes can dig ashes with a shovel (so much volcanic ash, it’s hard to justify it without using one)
11. A new sticky mouse board is added, made of wood + glue, which can prevent rodent damage.
12. Added a parasol, my mother no longer has to worry about my sunburn!
Umbrellas can keep out the rain and can be closed
The overly righteous part has been removed:
Plastic bottles can be recycled into plastic cloth (no plastic pollution)
Snake Grass Lifts Fiber Plus Herbology
02-03
Added new crop: mint
Found a Peppermint Bush in the Entangling Swamp
can be planted

Added a new prop: Peppermint Candle
It can increase sobriety and speed up the recovery of palm injuries and foot injuries
Add Linkage: Production Tools
The pickaxe can mine in the caves of the afterlife and the caves of the world
The saw can cut wood in the Entangled Swamp
Removed gnats that haunt swamps
02-05
Fixed mint text, textures
Changed the traits and textures of werewolf companions
Changed the texture of mint candles

02-06
Adjusted the drops of werewolf companions so that the sum of each weight is 100
Dry mortar can be turned into mortar by adding water
The broken wood carving can be re-carved by clicking "Re-carving"
Werewolf Companion Added Interaction: Guild Wars
-solitude, -encouragement, -sobriety, +entertainment, +emotion, +cost of battle (+pain)
Axes and pickaxes (linked production tools) can be used to dig stones on the barren beach
Holy medicine can drink -200 back pain and -100 battle cost

02-18
New location: Yongxia Cave
50% of the beach exploration finds the entrance (convenient for friends who choose the beach to build a home for survival)
Contains locations:
seawater
sea that acts like a sandy beach
In addition, go diving with extremely high swimming skills, you can find the underwater exit (leading to the crimson realm)
night mushroom
Good looking (+25 comfortable), glowing (+25 bright)
quagmire
Can dig up mud piles and dead leaves
Contains new discoveries
fluorescent mushroom
Provides 15 light, and when placed on a shelf, provides 25 comfort
red coral
Can absorb salt in seawater: it can be put into salt water, and water will be obtained after 1 hour
Provides 25 comfort when placed in a shelf
There are only two of the above items, so cherish them
Cave capacity: 80,000, theoretically supports pillar expansion

Added location: Crimson Realm
You can return to the cave of the sea through the crimson lake, and you will fail if you don't have enough swimming skills
include location
maple
Branches can be collected, and long sticks/leaves/twigs can be obtained randomly
Hulk
Can be explored, there is a chance of injury, high swimming skills can reduce the chance of injury, the following valuable things can be explored
Rope*4, Metal Scrap*6, Thick Soil Core*1, Plastic Cloth*1
Don't touch it after taking it, otherwise there will be only seaweed and wounds
Thick Soil Core: One-time use, can generate 3 farmlands at once
old house
You can settle down and have a built-in alchemy table that can charge the molten core
Old house capacity: 80,000, theoretically support pillar expansion
remains
Can be explored, there is a chance of being injured, and the following valuable things can be explored
Road to West Highlands*1, Copper*3, Guardian*1
Don't touch it after taking it, otherwise there will only be big stones and wounds
You can only explore the road to Xigao from here. Xigao itself cannot explore the road to the Scarlet Realm. After you explore the road, you can go to and from Xigao
The Guardian comes with a Molten Core
The activated molten core can provide 15 body temperature bonus (some people want to resist the blizzard, so it is added)
The energy can last for 3 days, and when it is used up, you have to go to the alchemy table to recharge the closed core without consuming energy
Provides -6 isolation when the guardian is present (you are not alone on this island, there used to be traces of civilization here)